files for odp suport (#900)
codenvy/che-docs: src/main/pages/che-7/overview/con_openshift-developer-perspective-integration-with-che.adoc

// accessing-che-from-openshift-developer-perspective

[id="openshift-developer-perspective-integration-with-che_{context}"]
= OpenShift Developer Perspective integration with Che

> The following section provides information about OpenShift Developer Perspective support with Che, which is available since Che 7.2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following section provides information about OpenShift Developer Perspective support for Che.
```

> When Che Operator is installed into an Openshift Container Platform 4.2 and later, it creates a ConsoleLink Custom Resource (CR). This adds an interactive link to the *Red Hat Applications* menu that you can use to access a Che installation using the OpenShift Developer Perspective console. The *Red Hat Applications* menu can be accessed in the main screen of an OpenShift Container Platform, illustrated with a three by three cube. The Che ConsoleLink, displayed in the drop-down menu, creates a new workspace or redirects the user to an existing one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the Che Operator is installed into Openshift Container Platform 4.2 and later, it creates a `ConsoleLink` Custom Resource (CR). This adds an interactive link to the *Red Hat Applications* menu for accessing the Che installation using the OpenShift Developer Perspective console.

To access the *Red Hat Applications* menu, click the three-by-three square icon (░) on the main screen of the OpenShift web console. The Che ConsoleLink, displayed in the drop-down menu, creates a new workspace or redirects the user to an existing one.
```

> An additional feature of OpenShift Developer Perspective is the ability for a user to use Che for editing application source code in native Che workspaces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
